scenario:

I. if we do it on hallway of infront of lab:


A. Scenario of the Environment and Flowchart of Small Talk Process

	1. based on the robot walking speed:
		a. hang a virtual art picture
		b. the distance between each art piece is random, but make sure some of it can be a bit far so the robot can enable small talk function
		c. every art piece position point named: p_1, p_2, ...
		d. p0 is where the robot standing by, to welcome customer
	2. first robot placed p0, then follow FlowchartRST.drawio.png
		a. 	p_i = the number of art piece, starts from p_1, p_2, ...; p_0 starting point where robot welcomes guest
			t = time needed to reach p_i
			x_1 = constant of the most effective duration of time for small talk (calculate for delay response too)
			x_2 = the most effective duration of time for ending small talk (can be different based on the content of conversation)
		b. introduction: introduce itself and the museum briefly then ask which art piece want to be visited first 
		c. to end small talk, insert sentence like: "anyway, now we have arrived at p_i". 
		d. after ending the small talk, update the way the of talking 
		e. the process repeated for the next art piece
	3. based on small talk result (the answer of persona information), all of that is stored, so when the guest come again, the robot use the recorded talking style  

B. Assumptions and Scope of the Problem

assumptions:
	1. The hallway assumed to be straight
	2. Robot assumed have v m/s speed
	3. *LLM is good enough to understand the mood of the guest based on the small talk and adjust the talking style based on the answer and mood*

scope of the problem
	1. Guest behavior only split into 2, like robots or not. This can be detected by the response of the guest in the small talk session
	2. While doing the small talk, the robot doesn't need to try see the guest eyes
	3. Movements of the robot are not reviewed
	4. CHanging the way of talk of the robot (the sentence structure, or the words come out of the robot) is the main focus
	5. The voice of the robot and its expression in the robot's voice are not reviewed
	6. While explaining the art, the robot will not do small talk and focus on explaining
	




